hey there i'm kristina norman lead
gameplay designer for mass effect 2
today we're going to take a look at
gameplay footage of the engineer
engineers our tactical combat
specialists they use their tech powers
to manipulate combat turning difficult
battles into victory
one such tactical power is the combat
drone and only the engineer can summon a
combat drone your combat drone will
harass your enemies knocking them out of
cover and drawing fire away from you
when your drone dies you can summon a
new one
you can upgrade your trunk give you some
powerful energy blasts or turning him
into a deadly bomb
Engineers are also master hackers any
mechanized opponent can be hacked
turning a powerful enemy into a pal I
with your drone and squad backing up you
can easily outnumber your opponents
Engineers also have access to
heavy-hitting attack powers incinerate
you can overload or freeze targets
if you love manipulating your enemies
and winning combat through battle
tactics when you play Mass Effect 2
you'll want to play the engineer